OK so now that we have our collection preview we need to start looking at building our menu item component
so we know that our menu item component is going to consist of a image as well as a title a price.
And this button that allows us to add it to the cart.
Now we're not going to actually add any of the functionality in just yet.
We haven't really considered how to handle our cart yet.
But let's just build out this component first.
So let's add in a collection item into our components and in our folder we're going to do the same thing
we've been doing our collection item dot component DHS X and then our collection item dot styles thought
SPSS.
The more you type this the better you'll get at it.
Which is always what's really interesting is that at first it always seems a little repetitive but you
actually find that you really do end up remembering everything and what their purpose is.
The more you practice typing the same folder structure for your components and what to do with them.
OK.
So now for our collection item we know that we need certain things to come in and it's a popular menu
item but we don't need any state.
So let's make a another Functional Component so cost collection item is equal to this functional component
returns this div with our class name collection item and then we're gonna give it a div and now that
div is going to hold our image.
So let's just give it the class name of image for now.
And let's do the same thing we did before with our directory items.
So instead we know that what we're going to pass in will be an I.D. We will also get our name.
We will get our price and our image URL and we have all these when we brought in that data earlier in
our collection or sorry in our shop page right in our shop data specifically.
So we need an I.D. name image URL and price.
Now we are going to
put in what we did before with our style and we are going to do background image goes to our string
interpolation value of image.
You are so nothing new here just yet and then we're going to add another div.
And here we're going to add our collection footer
inside of our footer we have is this double repeat.
Actually we don't even need this closing tag.
We are going to bring in our span which will be our name as well as our price awesome.
OK.
Now let's export this out and let's bring in the styles that we have for this component.
So I've written them already for us but we can take a quick look at what they are
inside of our collection item.
We are styling our image so that its height is ninety five percent.
Now that means that our collection photos height will be 5 percent of the total height of our collection
item which will be 350 pixels.
So this is pretty much going to be the layout for our actual component.
What we see here so one important thing to note is that this flex column on our collection item will
essentially allow our footer and our image to sit in a vertical alignment right and then our collection
footer is just our regular display flex.
And then we have some space between them so that our content gets pushed apart our title takes up 90
percent of the space in our total footer and then the price is going to be 10 percent.
So because our price is probably never going to grow that large we've got to make sure to have our name
take up the majority of the space here OK.
Now if we import in our collection item to our collection preview so that we can access the new collection
item we wrote
we can now instead of doing this div just map it through like so and because we need the properties
on the item that we had before.
We're just going to do what we did earlier and we're gonna do structure off our I.D. but we're also
going to g structure the rest of our item props and pass that through.
Like so let's do other item props.
And now it's no longer a div we'll just make sure to restructure or spread our other item props into
our collection.
Item Oh we also have the star collection preview so those stylings is down here.
OK.
There we go.
So we have our price and we have our thing because there's no styling coming through.
Let's just inspect quickly and see if we're missing something.
So while you code you might see this happen you just want to make sure that our naming is correct for
everything.
And we're getting the styles.
So I don't see the stars that we wrote being applied here although we are getting the actual image right
here being rendered so Oh I see our collection preview our collection item oh we didn't save now we
go silly mistakes.
So sometimes if you just take a look inside of your dev tools it's very easy to see where perhaps we
are going wrong because we know for sure due to the way that react is set up everything should be in
at a specific time.
So if it's not being loaded then we probably messed up our import right.
Which we checked first.
Right.
We made sure that we're importing we're in the right collection item which we were and then we checked
if we had our naming like our class names correct which we did so then it just turned out we didn't
save it.
So it's a silly error but there are tons of those.
As you become a professional developer a lot of times you'll find that you are just banging your head
against the wall for 30 minutes only to find out that you had a slight typo.
It's very common.
But just like that we now have our collection component so the only thing we're missing is the hover
effect with the add button.
But we can add that in a little later when we actually build out our cart because that's what that feature
will be tied to.
And one more thing before we commit our code we should add a little bit of padding on our overall project
so that it aligns closer to this.
So let's go into our app Dot's RSS and let's do padding 20 pixels and 80 pixels.
So I want 20 pixels on the top and bottom and then 80 pixels on the side.
And now it looks closer so this may be a little bit more than what we had.
So let's actually make this 60 pixels.
Maybe
it's a little better.
That's pretty good.
So now let's commit our code.
Let's go back to our terminal let's do a get add.
All right.
Let's see what we first have to commit.
OK.
And then let's do get commit updating our app with a shop page collection preview component and collection
item component.
And now let's just get push origin master OK.
Our code is up.
Now let's move on.